docs(instances): update instances concept (#2003)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/instances/concepts.mdx

## Instance

> An Instance is a virtual computing unit that offers resources for running applications. It functions as a self-contained entity with its own operating system, RAM, and storage. You have the flexibility to tailor the Instance configuration according to your requirements, including the number of CPU cores, RAM capacity, and storage space. For further details on the various Scaleway Instance options, refer to our [Instace types documentation](/compute/instances/reference-content/choosing-instance-type/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Instance is a virtual computing unit that offers resources for running applications. It functions as a self-contained entity with its own operating system, RAM, and storage. You have the flexibility to tailor the Instance configuration according to your requirements, including the number of CPU cores, RAM capacity, and storage space. For further details on the various Scaleway Instance options, refer to our [Instance types documentation](/compute/instances/reference-content/choosing-instance-type/).
```

> An Instance is a virtual computing unit that offers resources for running applications. It functions as a self-contained entity with its own operating system, RAM, and storage. You have the flexibility to tailor the Instance configuration according to your requirements, including the number of CPU cores, RAM capacity, and storage space. For further details on the various Scaleway Instance options, refer to our [Instance types documentation](/compute/instances/reference-content/choosing-instance-type/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Instance is a virtual computing unit that offers resources for running applications. It functions as a self-contained entity with its own operating system, RAM, and storage. You have the flexibility to tailor the Instance configuration according to your requirements, including the number of vCPUs, RAM capacity, and storage. Refer to our [Instance types documentation](/compute/instances/reference-content/choosing-instance-type/) for further details on the various Scaleway Instance options.
```

- We offer "vCPUs" on the console rather than CPU cores. 
- A bit preferential, but "storage space" feels redundant and "storage" alone is more appropriate in this context I think (storage space sounds like Google Drive to me :) )
- Flip around last sentence for active voice + call to action
